# HugMeter

Measure distance to next Hug, notify when Hug is close, and share Virtual Hugs!

## Features

### :walking: Distance with the Hugs on the move!

People decide who to share their location with and can freely join or leave your list.

### :people_hugging: Share your location with other Huggers

Add or remove trusted people to share your location and show them where you're ready to hug!

### :world_map: Spot all Hugs

Locate them on the map and navigate to your Hug with [Google Maps](http://maps.google.com/).

### :purple_heart: Send Virtual Hugs

Let your Huggers know you want to hug them, no matter the distance!

### :leftwards_arrow_with_hook: Travel Hug: Stay Updated on the Go

Are you on your way to meet a Hugger or traveling to a distant destination? You can enable the Travel Hug feature to
keep your location updated based on the distance. The closer you get, the more frequent the updates until you reach your
destination!

### :stopwatch: Share your location periodically

At your discretion, you can share your location with your trusted Huggers every 15 minutes, hourly, once a day, when the
app is open, or remain completely hidden!

### :bell: Receive a notification when a Hug is approaching!

Prepare for hugs based on distance and the latest activity updates.

### :open_file_folder: Manage groups of Huggers

Stay connected and in control by organizing your Huggers into different groups. Whether you're enjoying a festival with
friends, finding the perfect spot for beach volleyball, or sharing your global travel adventures with family, you can
manage several Huggers Groups.

## About

HugMeter started as a [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/) project for learning purposes with the goal of staying connected
with loved ones by expressing affection through hugs when people are nearby.

Over time, the app has evolved to send alerts when a Hugger is sharing their location and is in close proximity.
Additionally, [Virtual Hugs](#purple_heart-send-virtual-hugs) can be sent across the world, regardless of the distance.

This is not intended to be a real-time location tracking tool. People can choose to share their approximate location
periodically —every hour, once per day, or only when using the app— or they can remain completely hidden.

The application stores the last location notified for those Huggers with the feature enabled, so it may be outdated and
not entirely reliable. In any case, this information is only used between users who have enabled this feature, and it is
not shared with third parties. For more details, please refer to the [Privacy Policy](#privacy-policy) section.

In addition, HugMeter allows you to organize your Huggers into different groups, giving you control over whom you share
your location with and stay connected with loved ones in various ways.

Thanks to the collaboration of the Hug Testers, new features are under development, but the main purpose of the app is
to help people share love through hugs and let them know we care :)

[![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/BGDBgZtTW-0/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGDBgZtTW-0)

## Privacy Policy

At HugMeter, we take your privacy seriously. We are committed to ensuring that your personal information is protected
and that you have a safe and secure experience while using our app.

### Information We Collect

We want to make it clear what information we do and do not collect:

* **User-Provided Information**: We do not collect or store any of your personal information, such as your name, contact
  information, email address, or any other personal data.

* **Location Data**: We do collect and store the last location data received, but this is done under specific
  conditions. This location data is only stored for users who have enabled the location-sharing feature in the app.
  Furthermore, this data is not shared with other users by default; it is only shared with those users whom you have
  granted permission to access your location.

### Data Sharing

We do not share user data, personal or otherwise, with third parties.

### Anonymous Usage Data

In addition to location data, we may collect anonymous usage data to improve the functionality and performance of our
app. This data is entirely non-identifiable and is used for analytical purposes only.

### Data Security

We take all necessary measures to ensure the security of your data. Rest assured that your privacy is of utmost
importance to us.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns regarding your privacy, the use of your data, or the location-sharing feature,
please feel free to contact us at hugmeter@patrisiu.com.

## Terms of Service

These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your use of HugMeter (the "App") provided by patrisiu.com ("we," "us," or "
our"). By accessing and using the App, you agree to comply with and be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree with
any part of these Terms, please refrain from using the App.

### 1. App Usage

**1.1 Eligibility**: To use the App, you must meet the following age requirement:

* If you’re under the age required to manage your own [Google Account](#7-use-of-google-accounts), you must have your
  parent or legal guardian’s permission to use a Google Account. Please have your parent or legal guardian read these
  terms with you.

* If you’re a parent or legal guardian, and you allow your child to use the services, then these terms apply to you, and
  you’re responsible for your child’s activity on the services.

By using the App, you affirm that you meet the specified age requirement and, if applicable, that you have obtained the
necessary parental or guardian permission.

**1.2 Personal Information**: You agree that any personal information you provide to the App is accurate and complete.
You understand and consent to the collection and use of your information as described in
our [Privacy Policy](#privacy-policy).

**1.3 User Accounts**: You may be required to create a user account to access certain features of the App. You are
responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information, and you agree to accept responsibility for
all activities that occur under your account.

### 2. Location Sharing Feature

**2.1 Location Data**: If you choose to enable the location-sharing feature, the App will collect and store your last
location data received. This data is used solely for the purpose of sharing your location with other users whom you have
granted permission to access it.

**2.2 User Permissions**: You control who can access your location data. Only users to whom you have granted permission
can view your location. Your location data is not shared with other users by default.

**2.3 Accuracy**: The location data shared is approximate and may not always be accurate. You agree not to rely solely
on this data for critical decisions.

### 3. Content and Conduct

**3.1 User-Generated Content**: You are solely responsible for any content you post, submit, or transmit through the
App. You agree not to post or share content that is illegal, harmful, or infringing upon the rights of others.

**3.2 Prohibited Conduct**: You agree not to engage in any conduct that may disrupt or compromise the security or
functionality of the App.

### 4. Termination

We reserve the right to terminate or suspend your access to the App at our discretion, with or without notice. If you
breach any part of these Terms, your rights to use the App will terminate immediately.

### 5. Changes to the Terms

We may update and change these Terms from time to time. It is your responsibility to review these Terms periodically to
stay informed of any updates. Your continued use of the App after any changes to the Terms constitutes your acceptance
of those changes.

### 6. Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms, please feel free to contact us at hugmeter@patrisiu.com.

### 7. Use of Google Accounts

**7.1 Google Authentication**: To enhance the security and identity verification of our users, we offer the option to
sign in using a Google Account. By choosing this method, you agree to the Google Terms of Service and Google Privacy
Policy in addition to these Terms.

**7.2 Identity Verification**: We may use Google Accounts to verify the identity of users and to provide a higher level
of assurance regarding user authenticity. However, we do not have access to your Google Account password or any
sensitive information stored in your Google Account.

**7.3 User Responsibility**: You are responsible for the security of your Google Account and should take all necessary
precautions to safeguard your account credentials.

### 8. Changes to Google Account Usage

We may modify the use of Google Accounts in the App at our discretion. Any changes to how we use Google Accounts will be
communicated to users through the App or by other appropriate means.

## In-App Account Deletion Feature

Our app makes it easy for you to delete your account and associated data directly within the app. This ensures immediate action is taken without the need for additional verification steps since you're already logged in. Here’s how you can do it:

### Steps to Delete Your Account

1. **Navigate to Account Settings**: Open the app and head over to your account settings.

2. **Select 'Delete Account' Option**: Look for and select the "Delete Account" option.

3. **Confirm Your Decision**: You will be asked to confirm your choice to delete your account. Please note that this action is irreversible, so make sure you are certain about your decision.

4. **Instant Account Deletion**: Upon confirmation, your account along with all associated data will be immediately deleted. You will receive a notification confirming the deletion.

### Important Notes

- **Data Retention**: According to our data retention policy, some data may be retained in an anonymized or archived form to comply with legal or regulatory requirements.

- **Support**: If you encounter any issues during the deletion process or have any questions, our in-app support team is here to assist you.

By providing this feature, we aim to give you full control over your personal data and privacy, offering a straightforward and immediate way to manage your information within the app.
